Ouch Kaikai
That bitch made me clean up
Even my brother begged for that, what can I do?
Why don't you do that escort seat?
Stay away from me
On you
disappear
You dislike me
You despise me for bullying me on that street
You son of a bitch
Don't think I won't let you
What are you doing to me?
son
Hey, don't worry about the customer.
My son broke himself
You still have such a ruthless hand with his family
Come on now
Hey, stop fighting
Doctor, help, oops, doctor
The patient's leg was never good
Now bone stinky back
There will always be sequelae in the future.
Then am I not gluttonous?
No, it's just that walking will be a little lacking.
Oh, dear.
My son is the champion of the college entrance examination in ten miles and eight inches
Wow, my son really can't be lame
What can he do in the future?
Doctor, I have money, you can save me from being too short.
It's not about the money.
If you replace it with the richest man in the world, you can't cure it. This is a sequelae
Stop! Where are you going?